README.md, before:

<!-- ABOUT CHECKLISTS -->
## Checklists

Checklists is a fork of Labby which is a project that I worked on some time back for BC Cancer. This is a full rewrite from scratch. Some highlights in this fork include migration from JavaScript to TypeScript, making the design mobile responsive, managing server state with Redux Toolkit (RTK) Query instead of Redux Saga, and modifying the backend to support both PosgreSQL and MySQL databases (works with whichever you choose). 

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ubclaunchpad/labby">
    <img src="frontend/public/LogoIcon.png" alt="Logo" height="100" resize>
  </a>
  <h3 align="center">Labby</h3>
</p>


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
  <h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#deployment">Deployment</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
  </ol>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

BC Cancer Lab Management System


### Built With

* React JS - Frontend
* Express JS - Backend
* MySQL - Database
* AWS - Hosting


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

* yarn

### Installation
#### Express Backend

1. `cd` into backend folder
2. run `yarn start`

Backend will be exposed on port 3000

#### React Frontend

1. `cd` into frontend folder
2. run `yarn` to install dependencies
3. run `yarn start`

#### Docker Setup
1. run `docker-compose up --build -d`

<!-- DEPLOYMENT -->
## Deployment

TODO

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
2. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
3. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
4. Open a Pull Request

Commit message:

Change name from checklists to labby-rewrite, move checklists to private fork

README.md, after:

This is a full-rewrite from scratch of `Labby` which is a lab management system which we built for BC Cancer. My main motivation for this is to remove BC Cancer specific business logic and generalize the app for any use case. Some highlights in this fork include migration from JavaScript to TypeScript, making the design mobile responsive, managing server state with Redux Toolkit (RTK) Query instead of Redux Saga, and modifying the backend to support both PosgreSQL and MySQL databases (works with whichever you choose). 

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ubclaunchpad/labby">
    <img src="frontend/public/LogoIcon.png" alt="Logo" height="100" resize>
  </a>
  <h3 align="center">Labby</h3>
</p>


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
  <h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#deployment">Deployment</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
  </ol>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

BC Cancer Lab Management System


### Built With

* React JS - Frontend
* Express JS - Backend
* MySQL - Database
* AWS - Hosting


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

* yarn

### Installation
#### Express Backend

1. `cd` into backend folder
2. run `yarn start`

Backend will be exposed on port 3000

#### React Frontend

1. `cd` into frontend folder
2. run `yarn` to install dependencies
3. run `yarn start`

#### Docker Setup
1. run `docker-compose up --build -d`

<!-- DEPLOYMENT -->
## Deployment

TODO

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
2. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
3. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
4. Open a Pull Request
